Ye Fan
What about the Wang family? It's already come true
The benefits promised to me before should be given to me
Oh, hmm.
Thanks.
It wasn't me. I saved your life
Just a thank you and it's gone.
I remember if you asked me to
Remember to thank me.
Thanks.
How else?
Who can fool me?
How could I fool you?
Did you ask me to thank you at that time?
It also bothers you, you dumb and untrustworthy.
Despicable bastard
I shouldn't have tipped you off
You should let someone mess with you and stab you to death
Haha, this woman?
So thick-skinned
Sorry to ask for benefits
It's my fault
I've long found a place to hide where no one gave you
Why are you here?
The Wang father and son are inside for merit
Confess a lot of things
There are some of them.
Regarding the good deeds that the royal siblings have done before
Mr. Xie, look
About the royal siblings
Of course I want
What these siblings did to me in my last life
It's not going to be easy.
As long as their siblings are better
I have lived this life in vain